As a Knox Suite customer,
you can seamlessly enroll your company’s devices into an EMM
and several Knox cloud services at the same time, using the Knox Admin Portal's Enrollment feature.
Before you begin, you will need to ensure that you have the following:
A valid Knox Suite license.
All customers will receive a Knox Suite - Enterprise Plan license when they first sign up for a Knox account.
Check out our Getting started with Knox Suite video if you haven't already signed up for an account.
You’ll also need devices uploaded to your Knox account by a certified Knox reseller.
If you don't already have a reseller,
go to the resellers page of samsungknox.com to find one for your region.
To get started, sign into your Knox Admin Portal,
then click Enrollment in the left navigation pane.
On the Enrollment profiles page, click Create profile.
On the next page, give your profile a name and description,
then select the services that you want to enroll your devices into.
The Enrollment profile lets you enroll devices into an EMM and Knox cloud services at the same time.
If you have an EMM, select EMM from the list.
By default, the Knox Service Plugin agent will also be installed during the enrollment process.
You can unselect this option if you don't want to install the agent.
If you are using Knox cloud services like Knox E-FOTA
or Knox Asset Intelligence, select the services from the list.
Once you've made your selection, click Next.
Enter your EMM info, then on the following page,
configure your EMM enrollment settings. For most EMMs,
you can use the DPC extras feature to pre-configure your devices with EMM-specific settings.
For example, if you want to force your devices to be configured as fully-managed devices during the enrollment process,
you can add this parameter here.
Refer to your EMM's documentation to learn which Device Policy Controller (DPC) options are available.
Apply any other EMM settings are required, then click Next to review your enrollment profile.
Once confirmed, click Create and assign.
On the next page, select the devices that you want to associate this profile with,
then click Assign to devices.
On the Enrollment profiles page, you'll see a list of every profile created,
along with the EMM name, Knox services, and profile status.
After your profile is assigned,
your end users simply need to turn on their new or factory reset devices,
connect to a Wi-Fi or data network, and go through the device set up screens.
Once set up, the devices will automatically begin enrolling into your EMM and Knox cloud services,
without requiring the user to download any additional apps,
or configure any additional settings.
This process of setting up the device and having it automatically enroll into a service or EMM
is also known as OOBE (out of box experience) enrollment.
After the device is enrolled,
the Devices page will update to show that the enrollment was successful.
When you add new devices to your fleet, you can simply assign the same enrollment profiles to those devices,
or create a new profile if you want to select a different EMM, or use different Knox services.
If you no longer want to associate a device with an Enrollment profile,
select the device from the Devices page, then click Actions, then Unassign enrollment profile.
If you want to change an existing device’s profile,
click Actions, Assign enrollment profile, then select the new profile and click Assign.
This concludes our video on how to enroll Galaxy devices into an EMM and multiple Knox services.
For help at any time, please visit our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching.